Psalm 25 a psalm of David to you O Lord
Psalm 25 a psalm of David to you O Lord I lift up my soul o my god
I lift up my soul o my god
I lift up my soul o my god I trust in you let me not be ashamed let
I trust in you let me not be ashamed let
I trust in you let me not be ashamed let not my enemies triumph over me
not my enemies triumph over me
not my enemies triumph over me indeed let no one who waits on you be
indeed let no one who waits on you be
indeed let no one who waits on you be ashamed let those be ashamed who deal
ashamed let those be ashamed who deal
ashamed let those be ashamed who deal treacherously without cause show me your
treacherously without cause show me your
treacherously without cause show me your ways o Lord teach me your paths lead me
ways o Lord teach me your paths lead me
ways o Lord teach me your paths lead me in your truth and teach me for you are
in your truth and teach me for you are
in your truth and teach me for you are the God of my salvation on you I wait
the God of my salvation on you I wait
the God of my salvation on you I wait all the day remember old Lord your
all the day remember old Lord your
all the day remember old Lord your tender mercies and your loving-kindness
tender mercies and your loving-kindness
tender mercies and your loving-kindness ISM for they are from of old do not
ISM for they are from of old do not
ISM for they are from of old do not remember the sins of my youth nor my
remember the sins of my youth nor my
remember the sins of my youth nor my transgressions according to your mercy
transgressions according to your mercy
transgressions according to your mercy remember me for your goodness sake o
remember me for your goodness sake o
remember me for your goodness sake o Lord
Lord
Lord good and upright is the Lord therefore
good and upright is the Lord therefore
good and upright is the Lord therefore he teaches sinners in the way the humble
he teaches sinners in the way the humble
he teaches sinners in the way the humble he guides injustice and the humble he
he guides injustice and the humble he
he guides injustice and the humble he teaches his way all the paths of the
teaches his way all the paths of the
teaches his way all the paths of the Lord on mercy and truth to such as keep
Lord on mercy and truth to such as keep
Lord on mercy and truth to such as keep his covenant and his testimonies for
his covenant and his testimonies for
his covenant and his testimonies for your name's sake o Lord pardon my
your name's sake o Lord pardon my
your name's sake o Lord pardon my iniquity for it is great who is the man
iniquity for it is great who is the man
iniquity for it is great who is the man that fears the Lord him shall he teach
that fears the Lord him shall he teach
that fears the Lord him shall he teach in the way he chooses he himself shall
in the way he chooses he himself shall
in the way he chooses he himself shall dwell in prosperity and his descendants
dwell in prosperity and his descendants
dwell in prosperity and his descendants shall inherit the earth
shall inherit the earth
shall inherit the earth the secret of the Lord is with those who
the secret of the Lord is with those who
the secret of the Lord is with those who fear him and he will show them his
fear him and he will show them his
fear him and he will show them his covenant my eyes are ever toward the
covenant my eyes are ever toward the
covenant my eyes are ever toward the Lord for he shall pluck my feet out of
Lord for he shall pluck my feet out of
Lord for he shall pluck my feet out of the net turn yourself to me and have
the net turn yourself to me and have
the net turn yourself to me and have mercy on me for I'm desolate and
mercy on me for I'm desolate and
mercy on me for I'm desolate and afflicted the troubles of my heart have
afflicted the troubles of my heart have
afflicted the troubles of my heart have enlarged bring me out of my de-stresses
enlarged bring me out of my de-stresses
enlarged bring me out of my de-stresses look on my affliction and my pain and
look on my affliction and my pain and
look on my affliction and my pain and forgive all my sins consider my enemies
forgive all my sins consider my enemies
forgive all my sins consider my enemies for they are many and they hate me with
for they are many and they hate me with
for they are many and they hate me with cruel hatred keep my soul and deliver me
cruel hatred keep my soul and deliver me
cruel hatred keep my soul and deliver me let me not be ashamed for I put my trust
let me not be ashamed for I put my trust
let me not be ashamed for I put my trust in you
in you
in you let integrity and uprightness preserve
let integrity and uprightness preserve
let integrity and uprightness preserve me for I wait for you redeem Israel oh
me for I wait for you redeem Israel oh
me for I wait for you redeem Israel oh God
God
God out of all their troubles
out of all their troubles
out of all their troubles [Music]